Policy refactoring (#1459)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/architecture/contracts.md

2. Deploy `StakingEscrow` with a dispatcher targeting it
3. Deploy `PolicyManager` with its own dispatcher, also targeting it
4. Deploy `Adjudicator` with a dispatcher
5. Deploy `StakingInterface` with `StakingInterfaceRouter` targeting it
6. Deploy `WorkLock` contract
7. Set the address of the `PolicyManager` contract  in the `StakingEscrow` by using the `setPolicyManager(address)`

> 8. Set the address of the `Adjudicator` contract  in the `StakingEscrow` by using the `setAdjudicator(address)`

Reviewer: This two steps currently happen immediately after deploying the corresponding dispatcher. So it's:
3. Deploy PolicyManager and dispatcher
4. SetPolicyManager
5. Deploy Adjudicator and dispatcher
6. SetAdjuticator

In principle, it doesn't matter, but perhaps we should change it to reflect our current workflow.

Author: ✔️

9. Set the address of the `WorkLock` contract  in the `StakingEscrow` by using the `setWorkLock(address)`

> 10. Approve tokens transfer to the `StakingEscrow` contract. These tokens are future mining rewards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Approve tokens transfer to the `StakingEscrow` contract. These tokens are future staking rewards
```

Author: ✔️

> 11. Run the `initialize(uint256)` method to initialize the `StakingEscrow` contract

Reviewer: This is a goal (#1532), but it's not currently that way. I'm working on it. I'm OK if we leave it as it is for the moment, though.

Author: I wanted to keep contract docs as ideal picture how to work with, so I'm for leaving

Alice uses a network of Ursula stakers to deploy policies.
In order to take advantage of the network, Alice chooses stakers and deploys policies with fees for those stakers.
Alice can choose stakers by herself ("handpicked") or select from the result of `StakingEscrow.getActiveStakers(uint16, uint256, uint256)` method - This is  known as ("sampling").
`getActiveStakers` parameters are:
* Minimum number of periods during which tokens are locked

> * Start index for looking in stakers array 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Start index in stakers array 
```

Author: ✔️

> * Max stakers for looking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Maximum number of stakers

Author: ✔️

This method will return only active stakers.

In order to place the fee for a policy, Alice calls the method `PolicyManager.createPolicy(bytes16, address, uint64, address[])`,

> specifying the stakers' addresses, the policy ID (off-chain generation), the policy owner (could be zero address), and the end timestamp of the policy.

Reviewer: The `address` argument before the policy ID is missing.

Author: Not sure about `address`, maybe question with order in description? I've put stakers addresses to the end of the sentence

> specifying the staker's addresses, the policy ID (off-chain generation), the policy owner (could be zero address), and the end timestamp of the policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
specifying the stakers' addresses, the policy ID (off-chain generation), the policy owner (could be zero address), and the end timestamp of the policy.
```

Author: ✔️

Payment should be added to the transaction in ETH and the amount is `rewardRate * periods * stakers.length`, where `periods` is `endTimestampPeriod - currentPeriod + 1`.
The reward rate must be greater than or equal to the minimum reward for each staker in the list.

### Alice Revokes a Blockchain Policy

When Alice wants to revoke a policy, she calls the `PolicyManager.revokePolicy(bytes16)` or `PolicyManager.revokeArrangement(bytes16, address)`.
Execution of these methods results in Alice recovering all fees for future periods, and also for periods when the stakers were inactive.
Alice can refund ETH for any inactive periods without revoking the policy by using the method `PolicyManager.refund(bytes16)` or `PolicyManager.refund(bytes16, address)`.

> If Alice doesn't have ability to execute on-chain transaction or wants to share ability to revoke then she can sign revocation parameters. Anyone who have this signature will be able to revoke policy using `PolicyManager.revoke(bytes16, address, bytes)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Alice can't execute an on-chain transaction or wants to share the ability to revoke, then she can sign revocation parameters. Anyone who has this signature will be able to revoke policy using `PolicyManager.revoke(bytes16, address, bytes)`
```

Author: ✔️
